Editorial review: Document new web speech api features (#41145)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/speechrecognitionphrase/phrase/index.md

---
title: "SpeechRecognitionPhrase: phrase property"
short-title: phrase
slug: Web/API/SpeechRecognitionPhrase/phrase
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.SpeechRecognitionPhrase.phrase
---

{{APIRef("Web Speech API")}}

> The **`phrase`** read-only property of the
> {{domxref("SpeechRecognitionResult")}} interface returns a string containing a word or phrase you want boosted in terms of the engine's [contextual bias](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Speech_API/Using_the_Web_Speech_API#speech_recognition_contextual_biasing) towards it.

Reviewer: - check the interface, i've updated it to `SpeechRecognitionPhrase`
```suggestion
The **`phrase`** read-only property of the {{domxref("SpeechRecognitionPhrase")}} interface returns a string containing the word or phrase you want boosted in the recognition engine's [contextual bias](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Speech_API/Using_the_Web_Speech_API#contextual_biasing_in_speech_recognition).
```

> 

Reviewer: do we want to add a short example here
